Add experts documentation (#568)
HumanCompatibleAI/imitation: docs/experts/loading-experts.rst

===============
Loading Experts
===============

The algorithms in the imitation library are all about learning from some kind of
expert.

> In many cases it is practical that this expert is a piece of software itself.

Reviewer: "practical that" sounds a bit off to my ears, possible rephrasing below, there might be others that better capture your intention.
```suggestion
In many cases it is simplest if this expert is a piece of software itself.
```

The library natively supports experts trained using the
`stable-baselines3 <https://github.com/DLR-RM/stable-baselines3>`_ reinforcement
learning library.

For example, BC and DAgger can learn from an expert policy and the command line

> interface to AIRL/GAIL allows to specify an expert to sample demonstrations from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
interface of AIRL/GAIL allows one to specify an expert to sample demonstrations from.
```

In the :doc:`../getting-started/first-steps` tutorial, we first train an expert policy
using the stable-baselines3 library and then imitate it's behavior using
:doc:`../algorithms/bc`.
In practice, you may want to load a pre-trained policy for performance reasons.

Loading a policy from a file
----------------------------

The Python interface provides a :func:`~imitation.policies.serialize.load_policy`
function to which you pass a `policy_type`, a VecEnv and any extra kwargs to pass to the
corresponding policy loader.

.. code-block:: python

    from imitation.policies.serialize import load_policy
    from imitation.util import util

    venv = util.make_vec_env("your-env", n_envs=4)
    local_policy = load_policy("ppo", venv, loader_kwargs={"path": "path/to/model.zip"})

To load a policy from disk, use either `ppo` or `sac` as the policy type.
The path is specified by `path` in the `loader_kwargs` and it should either point
to a zip file containing the policy or a directory containing a `model.zip` file that
was created by stable-baselines3.

> In command line interface the `expert.policy_type` and `expert.loader_kwargs`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the command line interface the `expert.policy_type` and `expert.loader_kwargs`
```

        loader_kwargs=dict(
            organization="your-org",
            env_name="your-env"
        )
    )

In the command line interface, the `env-name` is automatically injected into the
`loader_kwargs` and does not need to be defined explicitly.
In this example, to train AIRL on a PPO expert that was loaded from `your-org` on
HuggingFace:

.. code-block:: bash

    python -m imitation.scripts.train_adversarial airl \
        with expert.policy_type=ppo-huggingface expert.loader_kwargs.organization=your-org

Uploading a policy to HuggingFace
---------------------------------

The `huggingface-sb3 package <https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface_sb3>`_ provides
utilities to push your models to HuggingFace and load them from there.
Make sure to use the naming scheme helpers
`as described in the readme <https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface_sb3#case-5-i-want-to-automate-uploaddownload-from-the-hub>`_.
Otherwise, the loader will not be able to find your model in the repository.

For a convenient high-level interface to train RL models and upload them to HuggingFace,
we recommend using the
`rl-baselines3-zoo <https://github.com/DLR-RM/rl-baselines3-zoo/>`_.

> Custom expert types

Reviewer: Nice, hadn't thought to document this but it's an important part of the API :)

===============
Loading Experts
===============

Some algorithms, such as DAgger, can learn from an expert policy.

In the :doc:`../getting-started/first-steps` tutorial, we first trained an expert and
then imitate it's behavior using :doc:`../algorithms/bc`.

> In practice, you want to load a pre-trained policy for performance reasons.

Reviewer: "you want" is a bit strong -- we don't know the user's situation. Could also soften it to "you typicaly want" etc.
```suggestion
In practice, you may want to load a pre-trained policy for performance reasons.
```

> The python interface provides a :func:`~imitation.policies.serialize.load_policy`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Python interface provides a :func:`~imitation.policies.serialize.load_policy`
```

> function to which you pass a `policy type` and any extra kwargs to pass to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function to which you pass a `policy_type` and any extra kwargs to pass to the
```

corresponding policy loader.

While using the CLI interface, you set the `expert.policy_type` and
`expert.loader_kwargs` parameters.

There are several existing policy types, and you can also define your own in the
registry.

Loading a policy from a file
----------------------------

To load a policy from disk, use either `ppo` or `sac` as the policy type.

> The path is specified as `path` to the `loader_kwargs` and it should either point

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The path is specified by `path` in the `loader_kwargs` and it should either point
```

to a zip file containing the policy or a directory containing a `model.zip` file.

Loading a policy from HuggingFace
---------------------------------

`HuggingFace <https://huggingface.co/>`_ is a popular repository for pre-trained models.

To load a policy from HuggingFace, use either `ppo-huggingface` or `sac-huggingface` as
the policy type.
By default, the policies are loaded from the HumanCompatibleAI repository, but you can
override this by setting the `organization` parameter in the `loader_kwargs`.

> When using the python API, you also have to specify the environment name as `env_name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the Python API, you also have to specify the environment name as `env_name`.
```

> When using the python API, you also have to speciyf the environment name as `env_name`.

Reviewer 2: should be specify

Author: thanks, fixed

Uploading a policy to HuggingFace
---------------------------------

The `huggingface-sb3 package <https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface_sb3>`_ provides
utilities to push your own models to HuggingFace and load them from there.

> Make sure use the naming scheme helpers

Reviewer 2: Should be "Make sure to use"

Author: thanks, fixed
